This project is intended to showcase how Javascript can be used to solve simple task in every day to day sphere of life when mastered and call upon to do so.
The files in the main 

#project task and what file is solving each

1. Kelvin Weather (projectask1.js)
Deep in his mountain-side meteorology lab, the mad scientist Kelvin has mastered weather prediction.

Recently, Kelvin began publishing his weather forecasts on his website. However there’s a problem: All of his forecasts describe the temperature in Kelvin.

With my knowledge of JavaScript, i was able assist this scientist convert Kelvin to Celsius, then to Fahrenheit and also to Newton.

2. Dog Years (projectask2.js)
Dogs mature at a faster rate than human beings. We often say a dog’s age can be calculated in “dog years” to account for their growth compared to a human of the same age. In some ways we could say, time moves quickly for dogs — 8 years in a human’s life equates to 45 years in a dog’s life. How old would you be if you were a dog?

Here’s how you convert your age from “human years” to “dog years”:

The first two years of a dog’s life count as 10.5 dog years each.
Each year following equates to 4 dog years.

3.Magic Eight Ball (projectask3.js)
Control flow! It’s so powerful, that it can be used to tell someone’s fortune.

In this project we will build the Magic Eight Ball using control flow in JavaScript.

The user will be able to input a question, then our program will output a random fortune.

4.Race Day (projectask4.js)
My local school annual race is just around the corner! This year 2020, they have a lot of participants. I have been hired to write a program that will register runners for the race and give them instructions on race day.
Here’s how our registration works. There are adult runners (over 18 years of age) and youth runners (under 18 years of age). They can register early or late. Runners are assigned a race number and start time based on their age and registration.

Race number:

Early adults receive a race number at or above 1000.
All others receive a number below 1000.
Start time:

Adult registrants run at 9:30 am or 11:00 am.
Early adults run at 9:30 am.
Late adults run at 11:00 am.
Youth registrants run at 12:30 pm (regardless of registration).

5.Rock, Paper, or Scissors or (Bomb cheat) (projectask4.js)
Rock paper scissors is a classic two player game. Each player chooses either rock, paper, or scissors. The items are compared, and whichever player chooses the more powerful item wins.

The possible outcomes are:

Rock destroys scissors.
Scissors cut paper.
Paper covers rock.
If there’s a tie, then the game ends in a draw.
Our code will break the game into four parts:

Get the user’s choice.
Get the computer’s choice.
Compare the two choices and determine a winner.
Start the program and display the results.

6.Sleep Debt Calculator (projectask6.js)
Did you know that giraffes sleep 4.6 hours a day? We humans need more than that. If we don’t sleep enough, we accumulate sleep debt. In this project we’ll calculate if you’re getting enough sleep each week using a sleep debt calculator.

The program will determine the actual and ideal hours of sleep for each night of the last week.

Finally, it will calculate, in hours, how far you are from your weekly sleep goal.

7. credit card checker (projectask7)
A company that I work for suspects that credit card distributors have been mailing out cards that have invalid numbers. In this project, I have the role of a clerk who checks if credit cards are valid. Every other clerk currently checks using pencil and paper, but I’ll be optimizing the verification process using my knowledge of functions and loops to handle multiple credit car
ds at a time. 

8. Mini Linter (projectask8.js)
In this project, I leverage on the powerful technique learnt from iterating over arrays to improve the quality of a paragraph and gather some information about that paragraph.

This is the same type of work that word processing software does. Additionally, you may have heard of linting, a process by which text is evaluated and improved by an application. In this project, I create a miniature version of a linter using array methods that I learned.

9. Meal Maker (project9.js)
As a frequent diner, I love trying out new restaurants and experimenting with different foods. However, having to figure out what I want to order can be a time-consuming ordeal if the menu is big, and I want an easier way to be able to figure out what you are going to eat.

In this project, JavaScript deployed to randomly create and generate a three-course meal based on what is available on a menu.